# Easy Sales Rails

Easy Sales Rails is a Ruby on Rails application designed to simplify the management of Etsy and Shopify orders, making it manageable from a single platform.

## Features

- **Order Aggregation:** Easily manage orders from Etsy and Shopify within a single platform.
- **User Management:** Register and manage user accounts with authentication and authorization features using the Devise gem.
- **Customer Management:** Create, edit, and delete customer records. Perform actions such as searching and bulk deletion of customer data.
- **Sales Order Management:** Efficiently create, edit, and search sales orders. Keep track of order details and manage the order lifecycle.
- **Invoice Management:** Generate and manage invoices for sales orders. Create new invoices, update existing ones, and access invoices associated with specific orders.
- **Inventory Management:** Seamlessly manage inventory items, categories, and supplier information. Add new items, update inventory levels, and link items to respective suppliers.
- **Integration Custom Actions:** Enable custom actions for integrating with third-party services. Connect accounts, perform specific actions, and handle custom integration scenarios.

## Getting Started

To get started with Easy Sales Rails, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:** `git clone https://github.com/altivi/easy-sales-rails.git`
2. **Install dependencies:** Run `bundle install` to install the necessary gems.
3. **Database Setup:** Configure your database settings in `config/database.yml` and run `rails db:create db:migrate` to create and migrate the database.
4. **Start the server:** Run `rails server` to start the application server.
5. **Access the application:** Open your web browser and visit `http://localhost:3000` to access the Easy Sales Rails application.

## Contributing

Contributions to Easy Sales Rails are highly appreciated. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request. Kindly adhere to our contribution guidelines when making contributions.

## License

Easy Sales Rails is released under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Additional Resources

For more information and detailed documentation, please refer to the following resources:

- [Official Easy Sales Rails Repository](https://github.com/altivi/easy-sales-rails)
- [Ruby on Rails Documentation](https://rubyonrails.org/documentation/)
